Update Kafka Docs (#6269)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/core/message-broker/kafka.adoc

<2> Ensure that messages are not consumed from Kafka for Sink until the system has fully initialized. Default is 60 seconds.
<3> Connect to the following Kafka nodes and adjust the IPs or FQDNs with the Kafka port (9092) accordingly.

> NOTE: Enabling Kafka requires that Kafka be installed and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Enabling Kafka requires that you have a Kafka cluster installed and running.
```
